OSDOCS-20096 added assembly/modules for spiffe helper (#112997)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-spiffe-helper-architecture.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zero-trust-manager-spiffe-helper.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="zero-trust-manager-spiffe-helper-architecture_{context}"]
= SPIFFE Helper architecture

[role="_abstract"]

> The SPIFFE Helper architecture deploys PostgreSQL with mTLS across two namespaces, with SPIFFE Helper provisioning and renewing certificates, `ClusterSPIFFEID` defining identities, and the SPIFFE CSI driver connecting to the SPIFFE Workload API. Understanding this pattern helps you apply the same certificate and identity flow to your own workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the SPIFEE Helper working pattern helps you apply the same certificate and identity flow to your own workloads.

The SPIFFE Helper architecture deploys PostgreSQL with mTLS across two namespaces, with SPIFFE Helper provisioning and renewing certificates, `ClusterSPIFFEID` defining identities, and the SPIFFE CSI driver connecting to the SPIFFE Workload API.
```
same kind of structural comment here

Author: Done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zero-trust-manager-spiffe-helper.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="zero-trust-manager-spiffe-helper-architecture_{context}"]
= SPIFFE Helper architecture

[role="_abstract"]

> Understanding the SPIFEE Helper working pattern helps you apply the same certificate and identity flow to your own workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Understanding the SPIFFE Helper working pattern helps you apply the same certificate and identity flow to your own workloads.
```

Author: Done

> Understanding the SPIFEE Helper working pattern helps you apply the same certificate and identity flow to your own workloads.

Reviewer 2: "helps you" is anthrophomorpishm

Author: reworded
